swift 6 update (#3)
BinaryBirds/swift-bcrypt: README.md

This code is derived from the Vapor web framework:

- [Vapor](https://github.com/vapor/vapor)

## Development

- Build: `swift build`
- Test: 
    - local: `swift test`
    - using Docker: `make docker-test`
- Format: `make format`
- Check: `make check`

## Contributing

> [Pull requests](https://github.com/feather-framework/feather-database/pulls) are welcome. Please keep changes focused and include tests for new logic. 🙏

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Pull requests](https://github.com/binarybirds/swift-bcrypt/pulls) are welcome. Please keep changes focused and include tests for new logic. 🙏
```
